Oh God look at the smelter demon but
face helmet
dude dude come on man don't don't do
that
it's kind of annoying to me all right
I'm gonna let him kill those enemies I'm
gonna go up and get the dark armor
I really just said I'm gonna go up there
and get the dark armor this is what this
all I get when I'm fucking looking at
the damn chat smoking cigarettes and
shit oh god I gotta quit smoking I suck
so bad dude that really was the
straight-up fuck it's super facepalm
like oh god son of a bitch it's horrible
die what's up with this why can't I kill
some of these why can't I kill some of
these enemies in one hit and then the
other ones I can kill him one hit see
the damage like the same look 780 damage
okay oh my god dude
No
Oh
oh my god oh my god what is going on
this game does not want me to have rings
of life protection it's like now denied
I mean has that ever happened to anyone
ever
were you just running past the turtle
you smacked you then he knocks you oh
god this is so far been the best dream
ever it's just great here we go
oh my god I can't some of these people
Oh what am i doing
ow holy shit he can hit you twice leave
me alone
yeah this game I'm up this great quit no
no no no die he meant sign damn it I
can't summon anybody all right yay
that's cool that's cool
I almost wanted to let the turtle do his
thing dude I should totally highlight
that what y'all say you think I should
highlight those two deaths of me like
getting murdered by the mimic chest and
then we had murdered by by the turtle
what a fucking follow-up to that moment
hell yeah I just got the captain armor
alright this time we will go and get the
fucking dark armor yeah I should totally
highlight that I am definitely gonna
have to highlight that dude oh god what
is wrong with me oh my god oh my god
what the fuck happened there I'm looking
at the damn stream I see like you know
all everybody's like yes of course yes
yes yes yes oh god fuck you
oh my god